\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename bookshelf.info
@settitle bookshelf
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* bookshelf: (bookshelf).            A conformable way to navigate your library.
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top bookshelf -- A conformable way to navigate your library
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title bookshelf
@subtitle A conformable way to navigate your library
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{bookshelf}.
* Invoking::                        Executing @command{bookshelf}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

Type @command{bookshelf} followed by a @command{grep} expression inside
the directory with to book you are looking for. Then type the index of
the correcty book and it will be opened.

This is very useful if you want do not know the exact name of the book
or looking for an author, or if the filename starts with the author,
but you do not know who that is; and you have a lot of books in some
categories.


@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

Type @command{bookshelf} followed by a @command{grep} expression inside
the directory with to book you are looking for.

By default @command{xpdf} used for opening the document, if @var{$TERM} =
@code{linux}, then @command{jfbview} is used. If you want another viewer,
export that command to @var{PDFVIEWER}.


@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

